README.md, before:

# Graham Zemel (.com) v1.1
### Created by [Graham Zemel](https://github.com/grahamzemel/)

## Basic Info
-This is not the extent of my front-end design knowledge, I used a few newer libraries and this site was mostly an experiment.  

-It was a ton of fun to code, and I highly recommend learning a bit of front-end if you're mainly a back-end web dev or not even a web developer at all.  

-If anyone would like to contribute and re-code it better I'm open to suggestions, and encourage them.   

**-Any developers are more than welcome to use the code from this repo in their own programs and apps, however the copyright in the sidebar must be included. Thanks!**

## Visit:
[Graham Zemel (.com)](https://grahamzemel.com/)  

[The Gray Area](https://grayarea.grahamzemel.com/) (Currently in development...)  

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/b2705fa1-e58c-480d-9103-a96a7e63d5b5/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/grahamzemel/deploys)
## Contributions: 
[Stack Overflow (as always)](https://stackoverflow.com/)  
[Matt Jennings](https://github.com/mattjennings/sveltekit-blog-template)  
[Rodney Johnson](https://github.com/rodneylab/svelte-social-icons)  

## Recent Updates:  
Created actual homepage instead of defaulting to about me ✔️  
Changed font on header ✔️  
Moved medium articles to middle of homepage ✔️  
Moved page content down ✔️  
Changed fonts ✔️

Commit message:

Updated fonts, spacing, responsive UI

README.md, after:

# Graham Zemel (.com) v1.1
### Created by [Graham Zemel](https://github.com/grahamzemel/)

## Basic Info
-This is not the extent of my front-end design knowledge, I used a few newer libraries and this site was mostly an experiment.  

-It was a lot of fun to code, and I highly recommend learning a bit of front-end if you're mainly a back-end web dev or not even a web developer at all.  

-If anyone would like to contribute and re-code it better I'm open to suggestions, and encourage them.   

**-Any developers are more than welcome to use the code from this repo in their own programs and apps, however the copyright in the sidebar must be included. Thanks!**

## Visit:
[Graham Zemel (.com)](https://grahamzemel.com/)  

[The Gray Area](https://grayarea.grahamzemel.com/) (Currently in development...)  

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/b2705fa1-e58c-480d-9103-a96a7e63d5b5/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/grahamzemel/deploys)
## Contributions: 
[Stack Overflow (as always)](https://stackoverflow.com/)  
[Matt Jennings](https://github.com/mattjennings/sveltekit-blog-template)  
[Rodney Johnson](https://github.com/rodneylab/svelte-social-icons)  

## Recent Updates:  
Modifying fonts for titles ✔️  
Modifying spacing and afterward responsive design ✔️  
Moved featured projects to front page ✔️  

## TODO:
Create 'view live' button for easy access to final products
Revise sidebar for mobile devices (currently it just disappears)
Revise product cards
